hello
we are just getting started
with this latest
reading session for moda sushi
i see a lot of really really familiar
names in the chat but just in case
someone is lurking and they have no idea
what this is hi i'm brittany this is the
gay watch channel i usually watch gay
things but i watched a gay thing and now
i'm reading the gay thing
that inspired the thing that i watched
i'm pretty sure that was a sentence
so i have seen the untamed
and
that's why i'm here reading the book
and we're almost to the end
of
volume one
volume two releases in may i know i say
that all the time but just so that you
know
it gets to everyone
oh we're on page 300 exactly
we are
well damn
it's going to be an extra long session
today depending on my back and depending
on my chair which is currently in the
process of breaking down
um i'm hoping to go half an hour longer
today so instead of 3 30 to 4 30 we're
gonna go to five
hopefully if my back starts objecting or
if my chair just starts being super
frustrating and sliding down
then we may have to call it earlier than
that but i'm hoping we get in a good
extra solid half hour
that would be awesome
and story-wise we were about ready to
get into
the chang
obliteration
we're about to show up at the chang
residence and investigate the who what
where when how why behind why they were
all
wiped out i believe 10 years ago
they all just got wiped off the face of
the planet and we are about to find out
why i believe
how is everybody
somebody uh before i before i went live
i uh oh right and excuse any coughing i
currently have an asthmatic cough going
and i need to see a doctor about it but
i'm also really busy moving
into a house that needs a lot of work
done to it so i haven't gotten to a
doctor yet but i'm getting there but i
have double water today for the long
session so uh here's hoping that i don't
cough my lungs out but if i do i'm sorry
just please please excuse
ah but no i saw you guys talking before
i before i went live
and a couple you mentioned reading um
[Music]
heaven officials blessing
next and
i am going to so like the current plan
now that i have all three you know uh
volume ones of mxtx's stuff
um is that with heaven officials
blessing i'm starting that series with
the donghua with the animated series
and then because i know that's not done
yet because it's a really really long
story
but i'm kind of i'm going to get caught
up on the dong well hopefully this
summer is when the donghua will happen
and then um
once i'm caught up with the donghua i
will read up until that point
in the in the original novel
so we're gonna we're gonna go back and
forth with heaven officials blessing
um but what i am gonna do
with
the uh
villain saving system
[Music]
i believe that's how those words are put
together
as i am just going to read all of that
first
and i may or may not watch the
animated uh series
i hear
both good and bad things about it so i'm
going to start with the book
and then eventually
we'll get to a point where i have
experienced
all three of three four three
of mxtx's stories
because why the hell not because if
she's gonna be this good at it
then i suppose
oh was there a cat was there a cat cameo
oh there he is
we have a white fluffy cat cameo for you
apparently today
that is the wife's cat his name is
pretty boy and he is currently bathing
in the window
he may or may not stay there the entire
time it all depends
if he if he gets cozy
uh but that's the that's the mxtx plan
pretty much
that's gonna be how that goes
all i know about heaven officials
blessing
quite literally is that it's almost
twice as long as moto zushi
which is unreal that's a harry potter
series
harry potter series was a million words
long and i believe
if i saw it correctly heaven officials
blessing is like 900k
that's obscene
that is truly
obscene
but given the gayness i'm i'm down i'm
down for it sure
which came first
actually
which of these were her first
which was her first
book
mode sushi
heaven officials blessing
or villain
i'm not on the lowest latency so there's
a bit more of a
gap between when i say it and when you
hear it
so pardon this little gap what i'm
waiting for there we go
oh villain was first get the heck out
villain was first smarter sushi and then
it was heaven officials
cool
interesting
i'm always really interested with
an author's um
path really as they put out more work
like where they started where they are
now kind of what they've done i love
that kind of [__] because i
i aspire to be an author so this makes
sense
okay
we've had a few minutes
they do get longer yeah that that would
be because i know that um villain is
fairly not short as in
america short but shorter
um
and it's just getting longer
pardon
yeah we've had
we've had a few minutes for everybody to
trickle in
so let's go ahead and get started once
again we are a page 300 we're about to
investigate investigate the chang
massacre
and where were we exactly on oh right
we're about to get the download on way
wushan's mom
all right we can start there
sure sure
uh
[Music]
okay
all right
i'm sure this isn't gonna hurt my
feelings at all
also if you see me making really weird
movements like this i have a hot water
bottle on my back to help with the
sitting
um
so it's nothing it's nothing bizarre i'm
just moving that from one side of my
back to the other and hopefully
that will let me get all the way to five
o'clock
i was checking to see if
the wife had said anything in chat she's
probably lurking though
she's really really busy it is cr it has
been crazy ass at her job in the past
couple days she's been super busy so she
probably won't comment
but she is most likely listening as best
she can
alrighty
towards the top of page 300.
was the son of a family servant of the
jain clan of young men
uh
he
we're going to go with that for now and
his mother had been the wandering
cultivator cases sandrine
we know
jang fangmian and his wife had been well
acquainted with his parents but jiang
feng mian had very rarely reminisced
aloud regarding his old friends and
zhang fenmin's wife yuzi's
i almost pronounced it like with an
actual z
we had to just kick it off with a whole
bunch of new
new names
thanks book
you g1 g1 g1 we'll go with that
ug1 had never spoken well of them to him
honestly things have been pretty good if
she didn't whip him or tell him to scram
or kneel in the ancestral hall or stay
away from chiang chang
many of the stories he'd heard about his
parents were told to him by others so he
actually didn't know much more than
anyone else
it's depressing len wangshi also stopped
then turned around to meet his gays have
you ever heard of one named xiao xing
chen
i know that name we know that name
we know that name
shannon thought for a moment then
replied no
no
no is correct vladimir said it was 12
years ago when this man emerged from the
mountain and achieved fame and now there
are none who speak of them
speak of him
12 years ago happened to be the year
right after the siege of the yielding
burial mounds so they had just missed
each other
wayward shan asked which mountain was it
and who was his teacher then rang she
replied the mountain is unknown xiao
xingchen studied the way of the dao
under the tutelage of bausch and sanrin
that's
right did i know that i feel like i know
that
there's so many damn details in this uh
freaking work
now wait we shall understood why
lanrongshi had said that this man was
linked to his mother he said
that means this shaoxing chen was
technically my mother's martial brother
huh
khanxi sanran had also come from bausch
and senran school
this passion center and was a hermit
cultivator who lived hidden away from
the secular world apparently she was a
cultivator of the same generation as wen
mao and len anne other celebrities of
that generation had long since
dissipated in both body and soul
only bosh and sanrin still walked the
earth if that really was true then she
should be many hundreds of years old
which proved she was in possession of
incredible cultivation
in the years ruled by those of her
generation with one mao as leader
clanted flourished while sex declined
leading factions of cultivation
authority that were bound by blood ties
sprouted like bamboo shoots in the
spring
any cultivator with a lick of fame
founded their own sect and yet this
master chose to retreat to a mountain
hermitage hermitage hermitage i can't
even pronounce english words anymore
i am so sorry
for my entire existence
her cultivator name was bashan meaning
to embrace the mountains which mountain
was it that she embraced no one knew but
it was precisely because no one knew
that it was called a a hermitic hermitic
a hermitic retreat
if she could be easily found it wouldn't
have been considered so
this elder led a hermitic life up upon
an unknown immortal mountain she often
secretly picked up orphans and brought
them up the mountain taking them in as
her disciples however every disciple had
to swear an oath focus only on
cultivation in this life
never descend the mountain never enter
the secular world if they did no matter
the reason they would never be allowed
to return they would have to survive on
their own and train in hardship within
the secular world never again to have
any ties with their one-time school
people said bausch and sandman was
worthy to be called an enlightened
master and this rule of hers truly
demonstrated great foresight
over hundreds of years she only had
three disciples leave the mountain
yen ling darren kengsi centerin and xiao
xing chen
oh
damn
three disciples not one of whom had come
to a good end
why would we have happy things why why
why would we have happy things
we wish it had known from a young age
what the end had been for the first two
disciples so there was no need to listen
to those tales again so what landmark's
doing succinctly told him
no was the story of the deeds of that
last disciple weiwou shan's mother's
younger martial brother i thought we
were getting chang
obliteration we're not going we're not
doing yeast city today
are we doing yi city today
when shaoxing chen emerged from the
mountain he was 17.
although lan wong ji had never met him
in person he had heard from others of
the man's noble bearing at the time it
had only been a few years since the end
of the sunshot campaign and the siege of
the burial mounds had just concluded
the great clans dominated and were
recruiting for talent all over the place
all to serve their own purposes
shashington emerged from the mountains
with the desire to save the common world
immensely skilled and taught by a true
master he charged the mountain in his
first night hunt with his one taoist
whisk his one long sword and and his one
lone person and claimed first place
winning fame in one battle
at the sight of this young cultivator
who was pure in character and
accomplished in cultivation the
cultivation clans all felt great
admiration they all sent invitations to
him but sashing chen courteously
declined each one making it clear that
he did not wish to affiliate with any
clans at all
instead together with his most intimate
friend he was determinedly set on
establishing a brand new sect that did
not emphasize blood ties
that is the gayest thing i've ever heard
the gayest
the gayest thing
oh my god
king of queers
you're kidding me
who other
than the queerest
of queer people
would be like no no no this blood tie
stuff no no no what about fam family can
we do the found family thing
i'm gonna take this friend of mine who
is my most intimate partner and go and
you know create my own found family
over blood
a [__] icon an icon ladies and
gentlemen
an icon
oh my god
i'm fine
this is fine i'm fine
shashing chen's character was as soft as
pampas grass but his heart was as strong
as a rock gentle on the outside
steadfast on the inside and spurning
contamination by corrupt forces
at the time if a difficult matter arose
any at all would rush to seek help from
him first and foremost furthermore he
never rejected anyone so opinion of him
was extremely high
she's just she's building she's building
it all up so that she can [__] rip it
down
but so far not in a way that feels
overly exploitive
like
one book that i'm not going to mention
ah
the obliteration of the chain clan of
you young happened right around then
one fateful day the family head of the
chain clan of you young took a new
took a few family members with him
to attend a night hunt
over half a month later he suddenly
received the awful news during his
travels and hurried home after the
period of mourning it was discovered
upon further investigation that someone
had maliciously destroyed the protection
array of the home allowing the entry of
a band of cruel and belligerent evil
spirits
beyond that everything was a mystery
normally few people paid heed to the
tragedies of such small clans but this
situation was unique the sunshot
campaign had long since ended and the
siege of the burial mounds was just over
on the surface the state of the world
could have been said to be somewhat
peaceful but to have such an incident
happen so out of the blue immediately
caused huge waves among the cultivation
clans there were many alarmists
spreading the rumors that the healing
patriarch way wishing had returned to
the world for revenge however there was
never any evidence of that never any
evidence god damn it
i'm not gonna i'm not gonna get on that
soapbox okay
and no way of catching the murderers of
course shaoxing chen could not remain
indifferent to this case he voluntarily
took it huh
uh he voluntarily took it on right then
and there to seek the truth for chiang
ping
the name of the murderer
was shu young
this shoe young was younger than xiao
xin chen a boy through and through why
is that so accurate
that is lethally accurate
about xiu young
however his odious temperament ooh good
word odious
was not hampered by his young age at 15
he was already a major suck known far
and wide in the koi prefecture area his
smile was sweet
yeah his methods vicious and his
personality cruel
and kumi prefecture everyone's face
would change colors at the mention of
xiu young's name he grew up on the
streets as an urchin and seemed to have
a grudge against changping's father
which he had nurtured for many years it
was revenge among other reasons that
prompted him to commit this violent
crime
after xiaoxing chen had figured out the
truth he crossed three provinces and
caught xiu young who was still
free-wheeling about and brawling with
others and quite self-satisfied at that
time the jin clan of lan ling was
holding a symposium at their residential
mansion golden carp tower and all the
major clans were present to debate and
discuss taoism
there shashington dragged shuyong
forward for all to see the whole story
was explained in detail and severe
punishment was pleaded for
i would have loved
to see that in the show
i would have loved to see that in the
show
i would have look anyway
you know if you're gonna have a spin-off
for the untamed
just throwing that idea out there
shashington had laid down every piece of
evidence clearly most of the clans had
no objections only one clan opposed him
vehemently and that was jin clan
of land ling
[__] of course
objecting under the circumstances would
risk universal condemnation said way we
shan could choo young have been a
favorite of jin guangxan
a guest cultivator lan wang ji replied
he was their guest cultivator we shared
asked the jin clan of landlings should
have
should have ranked us one of the four
major clans by then right why invite a
little thug to be a guest cultivator
this is the second connection lan wong
ji said he stared intently at way
wishing side is and continued slowly it
was because of the yin tiger tally what
the hell is that way washan's heart
violently lurched he was definitely no
stranger to the name yin tiger tally on
the contrary
no one was more familiar
are we talking about the is that another
name for that camp oh my god i didn't
even see the art
holy [__] look at this art hang on okay
i gotta bring hang on hang on hang on
i'm gonna show you this art got to show
you this art without showing you me okay
look at that
that's so freaking cool looking
that's gorgeous
that is like goth art at its finest
[__] yeah love the birds oh man
and the moon crazy
beautiful god tear
of all the spiritual weapons he had
refined while alive it was the most
terrifying and at the same time the most
desired by all
right
is it called the stygian amulet in
untamed
and the integra tally
in here am i getting that correct or am
i totally wrong
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah stitching
stitching
yeah yeah yeah
oh my god i was right about something
okay
i i got so distracted by art what are we
talking about
the function of a tiger tally was to
command
as the name implied as the name implied
those who possessed the yin tiger tally
possessed commanding power over corpses
ghosts and belligerent spirits of all
sorts forcing their obedience
back when we shane had first created it
he hadn't thought too much about it
why would you
sure
using his primordial spirit alone to
control the corpse puppets and
belligerent spirits made it inevitable
that there'd be times when he got tired
he recalled having seen a rare iron
spirit in the stomach of a yow beast
once and so he had retrieved it refined
it and forged a tiger tally
the stomach of a yow beast
we're not talking about my favorite
turtle are we
ooh don't tell me okay
wavy shan had only used that tiger tally
once after it was forged he had
instantly realized it was bad news
yeah he gets an idea for something like
that
doesn't really think about the
consequences
makes it uses it once and goes oh this
might not have been this might not have
been the best plan
although what plan
oh my god disaster
disaster
once again putting the chaos and chaotic
good you know what i'm saying
the power of the in tiger tally was far
stronger and more terrifying than he had
expected he had originally wanted to use
it simply as a supplement but
unexpectedly its powers showed the faint
potential to overwhelm its own creator
moreover the thing didn't recognize any
one master if someone got their hands on
it no matter who that person was good or
bad friend or foe it would be theirs to
use
god it's like accidentally creating a
nuclear bomb
the disaster had already been born into
the world it wasn't that way roshan had
never thought of destroying it but
forging the tiger tally had been no easy
task and destroying it would have been
just as difficult demanding all his
energy and time besides he had already
vaguely sensed that he was in a bad
situation sooner or later everyone would
be after his life the entire tally
served as an immense force of deterrence
people wouldn't dare target him and
cautiously while he had the spiritual
weapon so he kept it as a temporary
protection all he did was split the
tiger tally into two so that its powers
could only be activated when assembled
thus making it so it would never be used
unless absolutely necessary
he had only ever used it twice and each
time blood had flowed like rivers the
first time had been during the sunshot
campaign after using it the second time
he finally made up his mind and
thoroughly destroyed half of the tally
before he could destroy the other half
the burial mounds were besieged whatever
came after that well it had no longer
been within his means to care
way wushan was confident enough to
provide commentary on his own creations
and on this topic he was quite sure that
even if the clan that had snatched the
remaining piece placed it on an altar to
worship every day with offerings of tall
incense and frequent prostration the
only remaining half of the end tiger
tally was no more than mere scrap iron
however
lenwang ji revealed something shocking
this shuyong appeared to have been able
to reverse engineer
the other half of the yin tiger tally
yup
lands in exactly oh yeah that's mm-hmm
that's the person that's the person you
want figuring it out
yeah yeah
shu young had been very young but also
unusually smart as well as an incredibly
perverse heretic the jin clan of len
ling discovered that he could actually
that he actually could roughly piece
together the other half of the yin tiger
tally based on the half left behind
although the duration for of use
although the duration of use for the
assembled restored item was not long nor
was its power as strong as the original
it could already produce incredibly
terrifying results
weiwou shan understood now the gin clan
of lendling still needed chew young to
continue the restoration of the in tiger
tally so they had to shield him
we have to take deep breaths about jin
guenshon
around these parts
around around all parts actually i'm
pretty sure he's like the one
universally just
loathed
character and for good [__] reason
sorry my anger at that [__] and
i've lost my place again
maybe the reason shu young had
annihilated the chiang clan hadn't
entirely been to avenge wrongs committed
against him while an impoverished urchin
maybe he had used the lives of this
family to test the power of the restored
yin tiger tally
i mean you can kill two birds with one
stone you know
kill two clans with one stone
we're just gonna we're just gonna move
on
no wonder the rumors had connected with
shannon with the clan extermination case
you could practically imagine how those
cultivators had gritted their teeth that
way wushan if he hadn't made such a
thing there wouldn't be so many
disasters in the human world
in any case back to the events at golden
carp tower
the jin clan of landling was determined
to shield shu young yet shashin chen
would not yield to persuasion or
coercion the two were stuck in a
stalemate and this finally alerted
shifeng jun
that
oh okay that is niming zhu
who had not attended this particular
symposium he was called upon to fly over
from elsewhere and hurry to make an
appearance
although nimingju was of a younger
generation than jinguang shan he
possessed a stern character he refused
to tolerate refused to appease and after
a severe scolding jingling chung was too
embarrassed to speak and lost a great
deal of faith we couldn't see that in
the show
i want to watch neeming jew rip jing
wang shang a new one
yes
please
oh we were robbed
we were so robbed
niminzu ever violent and tempered drew
his saber on the spot and was ready to
execute choo young
even when his sworn younger brother lan
feng jin that is jing guan yao went up
to smooth things over he was furiously
told to leave and viciously berated
until he hid behind lanchy chen not
daring to utter one more word
finally the jin clan of lan ling had no
choice but to concede
wow
well we could anyway
ever since he'd been dragged to the
golden carp tower by xiao xing chen shi
young had been without fear the entire
time knowing he had a strong backing
um even when ning ming zhu's sabre had
pressed against his neck he was still
grinning happily
that tracks before he was carried away
he said quite warmly to xiao xin chen te
jong don't you forget me
just you wait and see
okay
having listened to thus far wayward chad
knew that wait and see was a certain
promise to make xiao xing chen
pay an incomparably excruciating
price we don't have to do yi city today
we really don't have to
we don't have to do that we can wait
we can put that off we can do that later
as deserving of their oh my god my
stomach's growling if you can pick that
up on this microphone which you might be
able to
i'm sorry
as deserving of their name the jin clan
of land lang was the most thick-skinned
of the clans
although they agreed to get rid of
shuyong in front of all the clans at the
golden carp tower the moment nimingju
was out of sight they swiftly locked
young in the dungeons and chained
changed the verdict to imprisonment
never to be released
we're just gonna breathe we're just
gonna breathe
once deming zhu learned of this he was
outraged
he exerted pressure on them once more
but the jin clan of landling dragged
their feet and refused to give that
person over no matter what
the other clans all watched the
spectacle from the sidelines with their
arms crossed
[__] clan leaders
who would have thought that not long
after naming zhu would suffer chi
deviation and die
isn't that just the craziest thing
he had cultivated faster than any of the
previous knee clan leaders before him
but also died sooner than any of them
with the most difficult man gone
the gin clan of land lane grew ever more
unscrupulous as they brewed more crooked
ideas
jinguang shan began thinking of ways to
pull xiu young out of jail to continue
the restoration of the in tiger tally
and the research into its secrets
however this was still ultimately a
dishonorable affair you [__] think
it wouldn't do to pull a criminal who
murdered an entire clan out of jail
without a proper cause
no
right you need a good reason
to be able to
do that
thus they turned their eyes to chiang
ping
they coerced and tempted him harassing
him non-stop until finally the jin clan
of landling successfully persuaded
chiang ping to change his story
he withdrew all the grievances he had
stated before and announced publicly
that the clan extermination case had
nothing to do with chu young
this is hitting like every button i
[__] have about
corruption and leadership oh
my god
again we're breathing
we're breathing
having heard the news xiao xing chen
went knocking to demand answers
[__] right chang ping full of
resignations said to him
other than seating what else could i
have done if i can't endure this the
rest of my family will have no way of
living many thanks dao jung but please
don't help me anymore if you help me
again now
you would be harming me i don't want the
chain clan of you young to end just yet
and thus was the tiger released back to
the mountain
waywu shan fell into a deep silence
if he were chiang ping it wouldn't
matter whether the jin clan of landling
was a prominent clan who abused their
power and could deceive the world as
they willed
it wouldn't matter who promised him a
future of glory and luxury he would
never give in rip to chiang ping but wu
shan's different
[Music]
on the contrary he would personally
visit the dungeons at night and cut xu
yang into pieces alive then summon his
spirit back to do it again over and over
until the boy wished he'd never been
born into this world this is why
wushan
this is why he and i get along this
right here
is exactly why he and i we just we're on
the same [__] wavelength
however
not everyone shared the urge to drag an
opponent down along with them there were
still several chang family members alive
and changping himself was still young
with no wives or children he had only
just started on the path of cultivation
he had to carefully weigh his options no
matter whether it was the lives of his
remaining family or his future and the
cultivation being threatened
after all way wishing wasn't shang ping
he couldn't be outraged on his behalf
nor could he help him bear his fear and
endure this torture with both body and
mind
after shuyong was released he carried
out his revenge as expected except he
didn't enact revenge on xiao xing chen
shaoxing chen had emerged into the world
alone and only made one good friend
after descending the mountain
this friend known as song lan
was also a reputable taoist at the time
aloof proud and highly regarded
the two had both wanted to establish a
sect that focused on shared ideals
rather than nepotism
[Music]
they could have been considered the best
of friends and they shared the same
aspirations and interest
people of their time described them in
such words shaoxing chen bright moon
cool breeze ever distant
song ji chen dauntlessly scorns the snow
and frost
and so shu young decided to target his
attack here he reused the same tricks to
thoroughly annihilate baishi temple the
place where songland had grown up and
studied in addition to that he hatched
and successfully carried out a plot to
blind songland's eyes with caustic
powder
this time
he was experienced in clan annihilation
he was exceptionally efficient in the
act leaving no clues behind while
everyone knew it was definitely him
what was the use in knowing there was no
evidence jin guangcheng was purposely
shielding him and on top of that
chiefing june of the thunderous temper
had passed away
shockingly there was no one else who
would do anything about him
[Music]
having listened to this point we roshan
suddenly found it a little odd
although lan wong ji seemed indifferent
to worldly matters and too uncaring to
meddle based on wei wishan's past
understanding of him he abhorred evil no
less keenly than ni hua song's older
brother the jin clan of landling's
actions had been less than savory
back then
and len wong ji never hesitated to speak
out even now he rarely attended their
clans symposiums and was completely
unsupportive
two consecutive odious incidents of
murder would have been the talk of the
town back then lan wang ji would not
have sat back quietly so how come he
hadn't brought up
hadn't brought xiu young under control
just as he was about to ask he
remembered the disciplined whip scars on
land wang ji's back
[Music]
ya had to give us beautiful art
of husbands
jesus god
jesus
god
what
anyway
one lash from the oh no my face is right
there that can't be that
that's not happening
there we go
one lash from the discipline whip was
deadly enough there must have been a
period of many years when lang wangju
was forbidden to step outside the clan's
walls if he had committed a grave crime
that resulted in so many lashes
these incidents had probably happened
when landminji was being punished or
when he was nursing his wounds no wonder
he only said he had heard
rumors those scars really bothered way
with shannon for some reason but it
wasn't his place to ask ask directly so
the feeling would have to be suppressed
for the time being
he asked so what
so what happened to shashin chandanjang
after that
after that of course the curtains could
only drop dismally on this play
in the past xiao xing chen had bid
farewell to his master and left the
mountain vowing never to return he took
his promises very seriously but songman
was blinded and had suffered further
grave injuries and so he broke his own
vow
carrying sandlan on his back he returned
to bastian sandren's hermitage
to beg his master
to save his good friend you know
we can we can call them what they are
this is fine i'm having such a good time
this this is this is good time this is
this is fun
in consideration of their past
relationship as master and disciple
bashan sandran accepted his request
shaoxing chen thus descended the
mountain again and his whereabouts had
remained unknown ever since
another year passed before songlan also
emerged from the mountain the people of
the world were astonished to find his
once thoroughly blinded eyes could see
light anew
but the truth was this
it wasn't that boush and sandra's
healing abilities were godly but that
shaoxing chen
had dug out his own eyes and gifted them
to songland who had only been caught up
in this mess because of him
songland had wanted to seek revenge
against xiu young at first
but by then jinguenchang had already
passed away
jinguan yao had inherited control of the
jin clan of lan ling and risen to the
position of cultivation chief
to prove that this would be the dawning
of a new regime the moment he ascended
the stage he got rid of shuyong and
never spoke of the integer tally's
restoration again
in the hopes of restoring his clan's
damage reputation
that's a joke he implemented all sorts
of restorative and reassuring measures
to push any rumors down
songman pursued the lingering traces of
his good friend of times past
at first one still heard talk of where
he had gone however as time passed there
were no more words to be heard
since the chang clan of you young was
also a small unknown family many things
about this whole affair gradually
returned to dust
after listening to this long long story
a way which had led out a quiet sigh
a sense of regret and sympathy sprouting
in him
to end like this over something that
originally had nothing to do with him
that truly is
had shashin chen been born a few years
earlier
or if i had died a few years later then
things wouldn't have turned out this way
if i were alive i wouldn't have ignored
something like this i would have made
friends with such a character why is
that getting me
maybe because they do meet in the show
and they did like each other
he then immediately felt
both amused and annoyed at the same time
he mocked his own words thinking i would
have taken care of it huh
how if i were still alive then the chain
clan extermination case probably
wouldn't have even gotten an
investigation they just blame it all on
me and be done with it
i mean
is absolutely not wrong
if xiao xin
dao jiang saw me on the road and i tried
to get chummy with him he most likely
had given me a round of whacking with
his whisk
they had already walked past the chang
residence and come to a cemetery nearby
we shan saw the word chang in dark red
on the ceremonial gateway
how did chiang ping die afterward who
was the one who killed his surviving
family with ling chi
god that's right
len wang ji hadn't yet answered when
through the blue tinged colors of dusk
there came a bang bang bang sound of a
door being slapped
at least the sound resembled the door
being slapped but at the same time it
wasn't it was forceful and panicked
without a moment of pause
it also sounded dull like it was
separated from their ears by a layer of
something the two both froze
there were over 50 members in the chang
land of yu-young and presently they were
lying in their coffins
banging on the lids from the inside
they were banging wildly just like the
night when they had been terrified to
death but no one would ever answer and
open that door for them
this was what the tavern waiter had
spoken of the sound of coffins banging
coming from the chang family graves
but the tavern waiter had also said the
hauntings took place 10 years ago and
had long since stopped
so why had the banging just so happened
to start again the moment they arrived
wayward shannon and len wong she
restrained their breathing at the time
no i got that right restrained their
breathing at the same time and
noiselessly slunk closer
once they were leaning behind the pillar
of the ceremonial gateway they both saw
at the center of the cemetery among the
tombstones there appeared to be a hole
it was an extremely deep hole and next
to it were mounds of dirt that appeared
to have been recently piled there
a soft sound came from inside the hole
someone was digging graves
[__]
the two quietly held their breath and
watched intently waiting for the person
inside
the person inside the hole to come out
on their own
not half an incense time later
two figures left lightly up from the
open grave
luckily both way with shannon lynn when
she had good enough eyesight that they
were able to tell it was two individuals
the two were firmly attached to one
another like conjoined babies with one
carrying the other on their back they
were also dressed entirely in black so
it was extremely difficult to discern
details
the one who left up stood there with
their back to them long armed and long
legged
the one carried on their back however
had their head and limbs drooping with
no sign of life but that was how it
should have been since it had been dug
out of a grave it had to be a corpse
thus lifeless was normal wow thus
lifeless was normal
thus lifeless was normal
just as way way shane was thinking this
the gravedigger whipped their head
around and saw them the person's face
was shrouded in a thick black haze their
facial features and appearance couldn't
be discerned at all [__]
wade wishand knew the person must have
cast some sort of strange spell to
conceal their face len wong she had
already brandished bcn swept into the
cemetery and crossed swords the
gravedigger reacted extremely fast when
they saw the blue glare of beatran's
attack they made a hand seal and
summoned their own streaking sword glare
however the sword glare was the same as
their face all wound up with a rolling
black haze so its color and oil couldn't
be discerned now this sounds familiar
somebody did this in the show
or something got clouded it
this sounds familiar now
with a body carried on their back the
gravedigger was forced to fight in an
odd posture the two sword glares clashed
multiple times
before lan wang ji called beach and back
he gripped it he gripped it in hand a
layer of frost rapidly overtaking his
expression
we wish chan knew why his expression had
turned so piercing piercingly cold it
was because even an outsider like him
could easily tell from the exchange of
attacks just now that this grave digger
was extraordinarily familiar with land
wang j's sword technique
len wang ji did not speak a word as the
power of be trans thrust screw ever
stronger the will of his sword akin to
the force of mountains toppling and sees
overturning holy [__] get you a man the
gravedigger was forced back again and
again
seeming to know they were no match
against lan wang ji while carrying a
body on their back and that they would
be captured if the spike continued they
suddenly pulled the dark blue talisman
from around their waist a transportation
talisman he's gonna [__] escape
such talismans could send a person 500
kilometers away in an instant that
sounds like a dnd spell
a very specific dnd spell uh
dimension door
it uh only i think dimension door works
i think it's 300
no no even less dimension door only does
like feet
it can teleport you three to 500 feet in
any given direction
but this is [__] 500 kilometers
but they also exhausted an immense
amount of spiritual power and the caster
would need to ample rest to regain their
strength
those without such power couldn't use
them which was why they were not in wide
use despite being high grade items
way wishing saw the person was going to
escape he hardly struck out twice with
his palm then bent one knee smashing a
fist to the ground the power of this
punch penetrated through layer after
layer of earth reaching the deepest part
of the soil and piercing through the
thick coffin lids oh
it stimulated the deceased trapped
within
to a near crazed state
there was the sound of cracking then
four bloody arms sprouted from the
ground forcefully seizing the left and
right legs of the gravedigger
we love a necromantic badass okay
the gravedigger was unperturbed they
poured spiritual power into their legs
shocking off the four corpse arms and
sending them flying weiwoshan pulled out
his bamboo flute and a sharp piercing
melody ripped open the falling night
two skulls broke through the ground
their bodies shortly following
why did i trip over that
they crawled up the length of the
gravedigger's leg entangling their body
like snakes their mouths wide open and
ready to bite down on their neck and
arms
the gravediggers started disdainfully as
of saying nothing but petty tricks
spiritual power course through their
body again but this time after sending
out the shock wave of spiritual power
they jerked at the realization that
they'd been had
they had sent the corpse on their back
flying as well
way wishing laughed maniacally slapping
a tombstone
what a great visual sorry
oh that's such a good image
on the other hand seized the limp corpse
with one hand while the other lunged
with gichen when the gravediggers saw
the thing they just dug out had been
snatched by another they didn't dare
stick around they couldn't beat lan wong
ji in a one-on-one fight never mind with
an additional troublemaker on the side
causing mischief yes
they whipped the transportation talisman
to the ground at their feet there was a
huge boom blue flames rolled toward the
sky and their figure vanished within
waywa shan already knew that the
gravedigger had a transportation
talisman and that they'd find an
opportunity to escape even if they
caught them the corpse they'd on earth
was already a clue so he didn't consider
this a total loss he walked over to lan
wong ji let's see who they dug out he
was slightly taken aback once he saw the
head of the corpse was surprisingly
already bludgeoned
the gaping wound didn't show any blood
or brains but rather wads and wads of
cotton that were already slightly
blackened wee wushan yanked and the head
came off easily dangling the exquisitely
made fake head he said what the heck is
this there's a fake corpse made of
cotton rags buried in the chang family
cemetery
only then did lan wangjii take the
corpse he waited in his hand and
realized there was something odd afoot
it is not all fake
weirushan felt the corpse all over and
discovered its four limbs were limp but
the chest and abdomen area were hard and
solid to the touch
he ripped the clothes off to see and
sure enough the torso was real
but the other parts were all fake
then
we've had some
separated limbs in this story up till
now
the head and four limbs made of cotton
must have been used to deceive this
torso to make it think it was still
attached to its master
judging by the skin color and where the
left shoulder had fractured this was the
torso of their good putty which they had
been seeking the gravedigger just now
had actually come to dig it out
we were shannon rose to his feet it
seems the corpse hider has already taken
notice of our investigation into this
case they were afraid we'd dig up the
torso so they came to transfer it we
arrived just in the nick of time and ran
into them
but
his tone took a turn
why was that smoke mask so familiar with
your clan's sword technique it was
evidence that lan wang ji was pondering
the same thing as well as the layer of
frost on his face had not yet fully
subsided i know the answer to this
i know who this is
this is a thing
that happened and they were like how is
it so familiar with the light
right
i remember now i [__]
i [__] remember now okay
i was bothering the [__] out of me i'm
glad i actually remembered something
um
all right memory revelation made me lose
my place
um
ah way wishing said that person's
cultivation sure was strong strong
enough that they could withstand the
exhaustion of using a transportation
talisman they'd also cast a spell on
both their face and sword i can
understand casting spells on your face
you don't want people finding you out
duh but an unknown cultivator would have
no need to cast concealment spells on
their sword unless their sword has a bit
of a reputation within the cultivation
world and it's famous enough that people
could recognize the sword glare in that
case they'd have no choice but to
conceal it since they'd be exposed the
moment they brandished their sword way
wishing then asked cautiously hang on
june
when you were crossing swords with him
earlier did you think they were someone
you're very familiar with
anything more specific than that would
be discourteous to say for example
lanchi chen or lanchiren
that mungji replied with certainty
no
way we shane had full confidence in
leningrad's answer he did not think lan
wang ji was someone who'd concealed the
truth or someone who couldn't face the
truth since he said no then it must be
so he did not like he did not like to
lie either the way we shane saw it
langmung she would sooner cast the
silencing spell on himself than lie
so way we shan immediately crossed off
those two out as suspects
then what makes thing then that makes
things even more complicated
then when she packed the torso into a
different double layered evil ceiling
shanking pouch and put it away properly
the two made a few mount made a few
rounds around the area then leisurely
rounded back to the tavern district
the waiter had indeed kept his word most
of the other taverns on this street were
closed but their sign was still up the
light's still on the waiter was outside
hugging a giant bowl digging into his
food and when he saw them he exclaimed
in delight you're back what do you think
we always keep our word and did sir see
anything
weibuchan answered a few of his queries
with a smile as he and lan wang ji went
to sit back at the same spot they had
taken during the day the table and the
floor around his feet were piled with
liquor jugs as he said
oh yeah where were we that grave digging
guy
who jumped out of all of a sudden
interrupted us i still don't know how
chiang ping died
thus lan wang ji continued to succinctly
and flatly tell the rest of the tale
without embellishment
had gone one by one whether missing or
dead
one day many years after this case was
uncovered chiang ping and his remaining
family members were found dead from ling
chi overnight
what was more changping's eyes were also
dug out
this time no one could figure out who
the murderer was after all everyone
involved with the original case had
already disappeared
however there was one thing that was
certain after examining the wounds the
sword that had inflicted lingchi had
been the one wielded by xiao xing chen
shuang ha i believe
would be the pronunciation of his sword
way was chan paused in raising the bowl
of liquor to his lips dumb founded at
this turn of events
ling chi was shashington's sword
then was the culprit truly him
inconclusive as xiao xing chen remains
missing then wang ji replied
if the living person himself can't be
found has soul summoning been attempted
shan asked
yes then when she replied it was
unfruitful
then either he hadn't died or he died
and his soul had dispersed as an expert
in the field waywurshan expressed his
opinions on the matter
let me tell you soul summoning isn't
that absolute the time and place must be
exactly right and mistakes can happen i
bet there are a lot of people who
thought i was shouting chance revenge
right what about you hang on june what
do you think
len mangji circus head slowly and said i
will not comment without knowing the
full story
again get you a man
not someone who's just spreading his
opinions around without knowing anything
this man waits until he is fully
informed so that his opinions are
actually valid
don't find that very much these days
anyway
weiwu shane greatly admired his attitude
and principles and handling matters i
mean
he smiled happily taking a sip of liquor
he then heard landman she asked what are
your views
shen replied ling chi is a form of
torture punishment is precisely its
nature and with his eyes dug out on top
of that it's very hard not to associate
it with shashington's deal with his own
eyes so it can't be held if people
assume the incident is xiao xin chen's
revenge
but
he contemplated for a second to find the
right words
i don't believe that from the very
beginning shaoxing chen stepped forward
to interfere in this matter for the sake
of gaining champion's gratitude
i
he hadn't decided what would follow that
eye before the before that waiter very
attentively brought over two small
plates of peanuts
way wushan was interrupted but just as
well since he didn't need to continue
anymore he looked up at lang wangji and
smiled hang on chun why are you looking
at me like that
i nothing i don't know the whole story
either so i also won't comment you're
very right no one should presumptuously
judge anything before understanding the
inside story in the sequence of events i
only wanted five jugs but you bought me
when you bought me another extra five i
probably won't be able to finish all
this but this myself
how about it drink with me
we're not in the cloud recesses so it's
not against the rules right
he was prepared to be rejected at first
yet unexpectedly lan wong ji said
let's
weiwoushan
hang on june you've really changed in
the past when i drank a tiny jug in
front of you you were super mean trying
to throw me over the wall and hitting me
too
and now you're even hiding emperor's
smile in your own room
drinking in secret
then wongjie fixed his sleeves and said
quietly i did not touch a single jug of
emperor's smile
waveshane teased why are you hiding the
jugs then
keeping them for me
fine fine you didn't touch them i
believe you all right i won't mention it
anymore come i absolutely have to see
just how many cups it'll take for a land
descendant an abstainer from drink to
collapse
he poured a bowl for len wang who took
it and downed it without hesitation
why is that hot
wei wushan got inexplicably excited
right
staring and spit me wushan
staring at his face to see when the man
would start flushing yet unexpectedly he
stared for a long time and neither the
colors nor the expression on land
wonky's face changed in the slightest
those light-colored pupils gazed at him
very calmly
there was no change at all
we wuchan felt mightily disappointed but
just when he was about to egg the man on
to drink another bowl lan wong ji's
brows suddenly knitted he lightly rubbed
between his brows a moment later with
one hand propping up his forehead he
closed his eyes he fell asleep he fell
asleep
normally after drinking liquor one
should first become drunk and then fall
asleep how could land run she skipped
the drunk step and go directly to sleep
what he wanted to see was the drunk part
way wushan waved his hand at lenwang ji
who looked stern and upright even in
slumber and clapped next to his ear no
answer the man was surprisingly a one
bull lightweight
waywu shan had never expected such a
situation he slapped his own leg
contemplated for a moment then circled
his right arm around land wangji's
shoulders and carried the man out of the
little tavern dragging and pulling all
the way
he was already infinitely used to
fishing things out from landmanshis
person so he took out the money pouch
and found them two rooms at an inn
he dropped line wangshi off in one of
those rooms removing his boots and
tucking him into bed and went out
while it was still night
wavy shan made his way to a remote place
outside the city where he took out the
bamboo flute on his waist pressed it to
his lips and played a segment of a
melody
after that he waited quietly
these past several days waywa shannon
and lang won ji had been together day in
and day out with no time alone so he had
been unable to summon wen ning
aside from the fact that he'd been
trying to hide his identity before there
was another reason
there were
there were lives from the land clan of
guzu that had been lost at wending's
hands
even if lan wong ji treated him very
well wei wushan couldn't just summon win
ning in front of him
or rather it was precisely because lan
wang ji was so good to him that way we
shan felt too embarrassed to summon
wedding
no matter how thick skinned he might be
this wasn't something to be shameless
about
a little bit of growth
when his mind came back around there was
already an ominous clinking sound
drifting to his ears the figure of
wedding his head hung low surfaced
beneath the shadows of the city wall
ahead
he was dressed entirely in black melting
into the darkness around him
only those pupils eyes were glaringly
white savagely white
way we shan folded his hands behind his
back and slowly circled the man winding
shifted seeming to want to circle along
behind him in his steps and wei wushan
stated out loud stand properly
and so he behaved and stopped moving
that delicate handsome face looked even
more dejected
hand way wushan said
winning extended his right hand and way
wishing caught his wrist raising it up
to closely inspect the iron cuffs and
chains
those were not normal chains when
wending went berserk he was extremely
violent he could ring steel into mud
there was no way he would have
intentionally allowed these chains to
drag along behind him these were
probably a set of restraints
specifically fabricated to shackle
wedding
bones crushed to ashes
even the remnant piece of the in tiger
tally was being painstakingly restored
of course certain clans would also be
drooling over the ghost general how
could they bear to have him crushed to
ashes
smeared and stood next to wendy after
some thought he reached out and started
slowly kneading around
around in his hair
the one who kept and locked up wending
must have forbidden him from thinking on
his own for him to obey the command of
another wending's consciousness needed
to be destroyed which meant there had to
be something planted inside his brain
sure enough after kneading a few times
when he was hand pressed on a hard
little spot in a circuit accu point on
the right side of his head he put his
other hand on the matching plate on the
left side of wending's head and there
was the same hard little object it
seemed to be something like the head of
a nail
way wishing pinched the ends of both
nails at the same time moving slowly he
pulled two long black nails from
wending's skull
these two black nails were several
centimeters long their thickness that of
a red string that strung jade pendants
and they were buried deep inside
whitening skull the instant the nails
were out wending's features trembled
lightly and a layer of something like
black blood vessels spider webbed within
the white of his eyes he appeared to be
enduring the pain with immense effort
he was clearly a dead man yet he could
still feel such a thing as pain
the nails were carved with intricate and
complex patterns their origins must have
been extraordinary and the skill of the
one who had created them might have been
considerable if wayward shannon wanted
one ning to recover you would have to
wait for some time we would shan tuck
the nails away then look down at the
iron chains around when wending's wrists
and ankles
dragging those clean clanking things
around with him all the time won't do
i'll have to find a spiritual sword to
cut them off
the first one that came to mind was of
course landrung fesbchen
although taking a landslord to help
to help wending cut off those chains
didn't feel quite right that was the
spiritual sword he could most easily
take and he couldn't possibly leave one
ning like this dragging around such a
burden
way shan thought
how's this i will go back to the inn
right now if lam jen is awake i won't
borrow the sword if lan jane is still
asleep then i'll borrow beach in for a
bit with his mind made up he turned
right around unexpectedly clan 1g was
standing right behind him
we love a plot twist
also wait does that mean does that mean
does that mean
that uh um
wedding
is in the show
he was burned
in
the book
he was crushed
that's what i kind of took from that
am i
correct or did i just cross two
uh wires
also i did notice that in the book it
takes a while to recover from the nails
but in the show
for narrative and time and story and
plot and pacing reasons
they basically immediately snap back to
it when uh when a nail is removed after
the nails are removed
but did i pick that up on the
ah
right
he wasn't burned they just said they did
uh
that's right he was pushed off that
eradicated yeah alice
uh
where and oh right yes lanmungi had
arrived
waywashen's emotions were in a jumbled
state after summoning one ning so it
couldn't be helped that he wasn't sharp
and alert as for lan wong shi if he if
he'd wanted anyone to notice his arrival
that was a simple feat for him to
accomplish so the moment where roshan
looked back he saw beneath the moonlight
that icy face that was ever colder his
heart stopped for a second and he was
very slightly startled
he didn't know how long len wang ji had
been there or whether he had heard all
that he'd done and said if len wong-ji
hadn't been drunk all along but had
followed behind him all the way then
this situation was even more awkward not
mentioning a word regarding wedding in
front of him but coming out to summon
wagning surreptitiously and sneakily the
moment the man was asleep it really was
awkward
lan wang ji had had his arms crossed
with the sword beach and hug between
them his expression extremely cold lady
wushan had never seen him so obviously
upset so he felt he had to speak first
to give an explanation and ease the mood
hang on jun
len wang ji didn't respond
way washand stood in front of wending
and stared back at lan wong ji he rubbed
his chin for some reason a powerful
sense of guilt enveloped him
at last night amongst you dropped the
hand holding be chan and took a couple
steps forward
way we share and saw him lunge straight
for one ning with his sword and thought
he was going to slay him his mind spun
rapidly crap was lanjan pretending to be
drunk just to wait for me to come out
and someone went ning so he could slay
him that makes sense who really drops at
one bowl
he tried hang on june let me explain
langmungji slapped one ning
the sound of the slop was loud and crisp
but the attack didn't hold any real
power wending only stumbled back a
number of steps from the strike swayed
once then steadied himself before he
stood properly once more looking
completely at a loss
the wending's tupper wasn't as explosive
and easily provoked in his current state
as it had been when he used to go
berserk in the past it wasn't that much
better now
a sword hadn't even poked him on the
night when he was surrounded at mount
defend and he'd sent the attackers
flying going as far as picking one of
them up by the neck to choke him if wade
wishen hadn't stopped him he would have
strangled every single person present
but now lang ji lan wang ji had just
slapped him and he still had his head
down looking like he didn't dare to
retaliate
way wishing thought this somewhat odd
but he was more relieved if when ning
struck back and these two started
fighting it wouldn't be easy to make
peace
presently lan wang ji seemed to think
this slap wasn't quite enough to express
his ire he shoved wending with one hand
and pushed him meters away
he very unhappy very unhappily said to
ending go away
we will shan finally noticed something
was off
len munxie's two moves whether they were
action of speech were both very
childish
after pushing
after pushing wending far enough away
lan 1g seemed to finally be satisfied he
turned around and walked back stopping
beside way we shan
away we shan stared at him
studying every detail
there was nothing unusual about land
mangy's face or expression in fact he
was even more solemn than usual more
serious more flawless
his forehead ribbon was fastened
extremely properly in place his face
unflushed his breath unhurried walking
with wind beneath his feet steady and
firm from the way he looked he was still
the same stern and proper calm and
collected distinguished cultivator hang
on june
but when he looked down
but when he looked down he noticed lan
wong ji's boots were on the wrong feet
before he had come out he had helped lan
wang-ji remove his boots and toss them
by the bedside and now alain mungji's
left boot was on his right foot and his
right boot on his left
drunk one g is one of the best things is
one of just the best things
end of sentence
hang on june born of a prominent clan
who regarded grace and etiquette so
highly would never come out in public
dressed like this waywa shannon ventured
hang on june how many fingers is this
he held up two fingers len wang ji
didn't respond but suddenly reached out
with both hands one left one right
and earnestly held those two fingers
with that motion beach end was dropped
to the ground by its master
this was definitely not the normal lan
jan
hang one jun
are you drunk where rushian asked
no lanmung g replied
drunk people never admitted that they
were drunk
way roushand pulled his fingers back but
liam she maintained his hold still
absorbed in his slack fists
watched him speechlessly standing in the
cold night breeze he looked up at the
moon
other people slept after they got drunk
but len mongeau slept first and then was
drunk
and when he was inebriated he looked no
different from usual so it was difficult
to tell
wei wushan had had countless drinking
buddies way back when
and he'd seen hundreds if not thousands
of instances of bizarre drunken
buffoonery some bawled aloud some
giggled endlessly some lost it and made
a scene some passed out right on the
streets some lamented and wished for
death and some muled weeping accusations
of why don't you want me anymore
this was his first time seeing languages
type quiet composed upstanding in
appearance but incomparably weird
in action
perfect
summation of drunk wonky
the corners of his lips twitched and he
forced back his desire to laugh he
picked up each end which had dropped to
the ground and slung it behind his back
all right come with me let's go back
he couldn't leave lenwangji running
around outside in this state gosh heaven
knew what else he'd do
fortunately land mangy seemed very
obliging
now that he was drunk
he inclined his head in a quite
well-mannered motion and started walking
with him if anyone was to pass by they
would believe they were seeing two good
friends roaming the night in deep
conversation and would praise such
elegant behavior
behind him wending quietly caught up
with shane was just about to say
something to him when language whipped
around and struck out with another
enraged smack
this time he slapped wending's head
askew
bowing it even lower
even though the muscles of his face were
stiff from rigor mortis and he had no
facial expression whatsoever his white
eyes displaying no emotion to speak of
it was possible to tell that he looked
very aggrieved
way washen didn't know whether to cry or
laugh as he pulled lan wangi's arm back
what are you hitting him for
then when she spoke in a threatening
tone that he would never have used a
sober go away
way wish i knew you couldn't oppose
drunk people he quickly said okay okay
okay we'll do what you want i'll make
him go away
is this gay man is this drunk gay man
not letting anybody get near
way with shan
for any reason
at all
it's just he gets drunk and it's like no
wushan mine
in a very very
blatant way
as opposed to his usual
sober
at least somewhat more subtle
way
my heart my whole ass heart
then he pulled out the bamboo flute
however before the flute made it to his
lips len wangshi snatched it over he
stated you're not allowed to play for
him
where was shan teased why are you so
bossy huh
lang when she repeated unhappily you
were not allowed to play for him
if he finished the whole sentence he
would say you're only allowed to play
for me clearly clearly
the only duet that you will be making is
with me
oh my god
we will shan realized something the
drunk often had much to say and since
slang wong ji didn't normally like
speaking
after he had too much to drink he would
repeat the same sentence over and over
he thought that since lan wong ji
disliked the site of wicked art he
probably didn't like him controlling
wending with the flute
he would have to smooth his his ruffled
fur for a bit and thus he promised all
right i will only play for you is that
okay
then wang ji gave us satisfied hmm
but he was still fiddling with the flute
in his hands and appeared to have no
intent to give it back to him just yet
so way wushan had no choice but to blow
two whistles instead he said to when
ning keep on hiding yourself do it
properly and don't let anyone discover
you
wendy looked like he really wanted to
follow along but since he had received
the order and was afraid lanrangi would
slap him further he very slowly turned
around and dragging his feet clinking
and clanking walked away somewhat
dejectedly
wait was shan turned to lan wang ji len
jen how come your face doesn't even turn
a tiny bit red when you're drunk
since lan wang ji looked way too normal
even more normal than way we shan he
couldn't help but speak to him in a
normal tone yet unexpectedly when len
wong she heard him he suddenly reached
out hugged
hugged way wushan's shoulders
and yanked him into his arms
caught off guard wayward shannon crashed
head first into his chest
he was still dizzy when lang won his
voice came from above
listen to the heartbeat
what
language said the face doesn't show it
listen to the heartbeat
as he spoke his chest vibrated with a
low sound his heart beat beating
constant and
strong it was a little on the fast side
where we shed understood and pulled his
head back
i can't tell from your face so i have to
figure it out by listening to your
heartbeat
um
lenwang she honestly replied
weiwushan hugged his belly as he laughed
could landmongzi's skin be so thick that
not even a blush could surface he didn't
look to be the type
an inebriated len mangji was so
surprisingly honest and compared to his
normal self his actions in speech were
much more unrestrained
it was so rare to see such an honest and
freak language so to tell way which way
we can to stay courteous without playing
a little prank yeah right
he rushed lenwang ji back to the inn
once they entered the room weirshan
pushed langmunchi onto the bed then
removed that mismatched pair of boots
considering lan 1g
likely didn't know how to wash his own
face right now weir shan removed the
land mangy's forehead ribbon and fetched
a bucket of hot water and a cloth he
rung the cloth dry and folded it into a
square then gently wiped his face
during the process len wang-ji did not
make any protests but obediently allowed
his own face to be squished around
when the cloth washed near his eyes he'd
squint but otherwise he kept staring at
way we shan without blinking once
that was accurately depicted in the show
that's one of the best things about
jerichuanji is that he just doesn't take
his eyes
off of wushan
like ever it's the best it's it's
drunk1g is just the best
anyway
uh
waywa shane was brewing all sorts of
mischief in his mind and seeing his
clear innocent eyes he couldn't resist
giving the underside of land monkey's
chin a light scratch with his finger
chuckling as he did
what are you looking at me for am i good
looking
way roushant happened to be done with
washing now so he didn't wait for land
one for you to spawn before tossing the
cloth back into the water bucket
your face is washed do you want to drink
some water there was no response behind
him when he turned to look lan wong jin
had the water bucket in his hands and
had already dunked his face
weibo shan greatly alarmed hardly
snatched the bucket back putting it
aside i didn't tell you to drink that
water
len when she lifted his head looking
impassive his drops of clear water
rolled down his chin wetting his front
collar we wish he had watched him his
mind filled with mixed emotions not
knowing what to say
so did he drink the water or not
then jen best not remember anything when
he sobers up or he'll be too ashamed to
face anyone for the rest of his life
waywa shannon used his sleeve to wipe
the droplets dripping off of lan ji's
chin then put his arm around his
shoulders hang on jun are you going to
do whatever i tell you right now mmm len
wongjie asked you'll answer anything i
ask of you hmm
way washand pushed a knee onto the bed
and crooked smile well then let me ask
you have you ever snuck a sip of the
emperor's smile you hid in your room
no
do you like rabbits
yes
have you ever violated the rules
do you have someone you like
yes
way roushand pulled his punches with his
questions since he didn't actually plan
on prying into lan wangji's private
business
he was simply ensuring that the man was
indeed going to answer every one of his
questions
he continued what do you think of zhang
chung a frown
what about when clearly disinterested
[Music]
way washand pointed at himself with a
wide happy grin
what about this one
mine lan wong she answered
we need a moment we need a movie
in a [__] moment
to recover
oh my god
[Music]
okay yeah
whoo all right all right all right
gather myself gather myself
okay okay
okay
way wushan
suddenly got it
he took off bchan and thought
i pointed at myself just now
but len jen probably misunderstood this
one as bchen on my back
the
levels the levels
of by disaster of bi obliviousness
are completely accurate i really can't
say anything as a by myself
we are indeed like this
ask the wife
she'll tell you
having thought this he got off the bed
and walked around the room from left to
right from east to west with bichen in
hand sure enough lan wang ji's eyes also
closely followed him wherever he went
so very candid so very open so very
direct so very naked
way buchen was practically going weak
kneed from
that gaze which was fervent as fire
oh okay all right
out of nowhere he raised beechen before
i land rang ji's eyes
you want it
i do lan rangi replied
he seemed to think that wasn't enough to
demonstrate his desire so he sees the
hand that was holding bchen his
light-colored eyes gazing directly away
we shan
he breathed a soft sigh then pronounced
each word with force as he repeated
himself
i
do
that was nice
oh that um that was
that that was nice
way we shan knew full well the man was a
drunken mess
knew what he said
wasn't directed at him
but still those two words struck him so
hard his arms went weak as did his legs
that is exactly that is that is that is
exactly what what by disasters yeah
they're not talking about me but i'm
still going to get tremendously turned
on
and he thought honestly this lan jen
what a terrifying man he would be if he
were this honest and enthusiastic
toward a girl
you just gotta have patience
with disasters okay just a lot of
patience
ask the wife
way wuchan regained his composure and
asked how did you recognize me
why are you helping me
lenwangshi moved his lips softly and wei
wushan moved closer ready to hear the
answer yet unexpectedly man wang ji
suddenly changed expression and shoved
pushing way with shan down on the bed
oh no
oh no okay all right all right
how
mean is this it is 5 p.m on the dot
um
[Music]
but we are
we are
we
are we are okay so we're just we're just
gonna
um you know where where where is they
seem not in the future
uh you know what my back's feeling fine
the chair is uh going fine we're gonna
go a little bit longer
than
five
maybe just a few
minutes longer than five because that
would be
entirely too cruel
to uh stop now so
we're not gonna
and we're just gonna keep right on going
because you know i'm just for some
reason i'm just super curious about this
scene i don't know what it is i don't
know i don't know
okay
candlelight was extinguished oh with a
sweep of his hand and b chain was once
again dropped to the ground by its
master
the push made way wu chancy stars he
thought perhaps lan wang ji had sobered
up he called out lanjan
a certain familiar spot on the small of
his back was tapped and he felt sore and
numb all over unable to move just like
the first night he'd spent at the cloud
recesses
len wong ji withdrew his hand and laid
down right next to him he covered both
of them with the blanket and tucked the
corner around when we shined carefully
and thoroughly
it is high time
rest
as it turned out
it was that terrifying land routine at
work
way wooshan's question session was cut
short he stared at the ceiling of the
bedroom can we not chat and rest at the
same time
no len wong ji said
well all right there would always be
another chance to get lan wang ji drunk
he'd get his answers sooner or later
lan jan undo this i rented two rooms we
don't have to squish together in the
same bed
way roushan said after a moment of
silence lan wang ji reached over
and groped under the blanket then slowly
started undoing wei wushan's sash
oh my god there's art
one second
way we should have shattered it's fine
i'm good i didn't mean that kind of undo
oh no okay i'll lie here i'm sleeping
within the darkness it was deathly still
waywuchen was silent for a while before
he spoke again
i finally understand why your family
banned liquor
one bowl lightweight and an awful drunk
too
if every land is like you when they're
drunk liquor deserves to be prohibited
whoever drinks gets a beating
[Music]
lenwangshi had his eyes closed he raised
his hand to cover waywu shan's mouth
he hushed
way wuchan's fit of annoyance was stuck
between his chest and his teeth unable
to be expelled unable to be dispelled
ever since he'd returned it seemed like
every time he'd wanted to tease
lanrongshi like he had in the past had
ultimately become his own undoing
you finally picked that up okay
this shouldn't be where had he gone
wrong this time way wushan did not shut
his eyes the entire night he stayed
awake firmly hanging on until just
before mao time
and when he felt that numbing aching
limpness had passed and his limbs could
move once more he calmly and unhurriedly
stripped off his top robe under the
blanket and tossed it out of bed then he
pulled on lan wong ji's sash and
forcefully tugged his top rope down by
half
at first he'd wanted to completely strip
him too but halfway through the act he
was slightly startled to see the brand
under lang wangji's collarbone
his hands unconsciously stopped
remembering the disciplined whip scars
on his back as well weiwou shan knew
that this wasn't right he was about to
immediately pull lang wanji's clothes
black back into place but in that
momentary delay len wang ji seemed to
have felt a chill
he shifted slightly with furrowed brows
and then slowly opened his eyes
okay taking a break for two seconds to
show you this art this art this art god
i gotta click over here sorry my bad
is art look it
oh
beautiful
i'm losing it at like the tree and like
the flowers and [__] but i mean like of
course like the hair
hello
the hair
and kind of everything else about it
i didn't think we were going to get art
of them
under the covers but here we are
anyway
the moment his eyes opened he tumbled
off the bed
jesus i forgot to click away from my own
damn face again okay
where on earth right
the elegant hang on june couldn't be
blamed for his entirely inelegant
overreaction
no man would have a thought in his head
for elegance when after a night of
drunkenness they awoke half naked in bed
with another naked man both of them
pressed tightly together
skinned the skin
under the same blankets
way wishing used a blanket to half cover
his chest revealing his smooth and bare
shoulders lang wang ji gaped
you
way wishing answered nasally hmm
henry said last night i
way wushan winked and propped up his
cheek with one hand smirking
wickedly don't do this to him
hang won june you were so bold last
night
do you not remember anything from
yesterday evening waywarshan asked
looked like he really didn't lang
wangji's face had pales to the color of
snow
it was good that he didn't if len wang
ji remembered that wei wu shan had snuck
out last night to someone when ning and
started asking questions it would be bad
if wae wu shen lied and bad if he told
the truth too
after his many failed dalliances and
many instances of shooting himself in
the foot weibu shin had finally
recovered his past might for once and he
struck back at lan wang-ji although he
was tempted to chase after more
victories he also still wanted to
trickle and mungji into drinking more
for his own petty amusement so he
couldn't afford to have the man
traumatized and on his guard from here
onward
quitting while he was ahead way roushand
peeled back the blanket to show his
trousers in proper order and his yet to
be removed boots
what an honorable man hang on june i
only stripped our clothes for a joke
you've remained pure and unsullied don't
worry
was still frozen on the spot but before
he could manage to say anything the
sound of shattering dishware came from
the center of the room
the sound was not foreign this was the
second time they had heard it the evil
sealing chiang kin pouch pinned on the
table was agitated again and had toppled
the teapot and teacups it was more
violent this time with all three pouches
going off at once one of them had been a
drunken mess the night before and the
other had been getting tossed about by
said mess
so naturally they had put the duet
at the back of their minds
way wishing was worried that lenwang she
might accidentally stab him to death on
the bed in a moment of impulse born of
his immense shock
he hurtly said work
come come let's get down to work first
he grabbed a robe and draped it on
scrambling out of bed and reached out
for lang wangshi who had just risen to
his feet he had meant to pull him up but
his gestures looked like he was going to
rip off his clothing when wang ji hadn't
recovered yet from his scare and took a
step back
something tripped him and he wobbled in
place when he looked down he realized it
was the sword beach end which had laid
there the entire night
by now the rope that tied the pouch had
already been worked loose and a ghastly
white arm had crawled halfway out of the
opening of the tiny chiang king pouch
ray wushan reached into lan wangji's
half open robes and fished around
digging out a flute
hang one jun come on don't be scared i
wasn't going to do anything to you i was
only taking back the flute you took from
me last night i need it back
he said and even very thoughtfully
helped him pull the robe over his
shoulders and tie his sash
len wang ji stared at him with a
complicated look looking like he really
wanted to ask the details of what had
happened the night before after he'd
gotten drunk but attending to business
was a habitual priority so he forced
himself to endure it he composed his
expression and took out his seven-string
guccin
three evil ceiling shanking pouches one
sealed the left arm one sealed the two
legs and one sealed the torso
those three body parts could already
constitute most of a body they affected
each other their resentment increasing
exponentially and becoming more
troublesome than before the two of them
played rest three times before the
agitation gradually ceased
wayward shannon put away the flute and
was just about to clean up the corpse
parts strewn on the ground when he
suddenly went oh
he said our good buddy trained pretty
good eh
the sash of the funeral garb worn by the
torso had come loose
the collar tugged to skew to reveal the
solid and powerful body of a man his
shoulders brought his waist thin his abs
defined strong but not exaggerated it
was a manly body innumerable men dreamed
of having themselves
way wishing checked it out every which
way and couldn't resist giving those abs
a slap or two
hang on june look at him if he were
alive and i gave him a smack it'd
probably rebound and smacked me right
back how in the world did he train to
manage those results
the tips of lenwangju's brows seemed to
twist he didn't speak unexpectedly wade
wu shan slapped it twice more and lana
margie finally expressionlessly took the
evil ceiling shank on pouch and silently
began to seal the corpse
way with chan hasten to get out of the
way a moment later lenwengji had
resealed all the body parts and even
tied a bunch of dead knots around the
pouch
wade roshan didn't think anything
strange of it he looked down at himself
to inspect the shape of his current body
raised his brows then tied his sash
properly and appeared to don an air of
decency once more
he glanced to see that lang wang ji had
put away the changkun pouches and was
unwittingly casting looks his way his
eyes seemingly full of a certain
hesitation to speak
way wishing purposely broached the
subject hang one jun why are you looking
at me like that you still worrying trust
me i really didn't do anything to you
last night of course you didn't do
anything to me either
led wong she hesitated for a moment then
seeming to have made up his mind about
something he asked quietly
last night other than taking the flute
what
what what else did you do right way
washan said not much he just talked a
lot then wongji's snow white throat
bobbed once
talked about what
nothing much where we should reply just
for example you
really like lenronji's eyes stiffen
really like rabbits way we shan finished
i love that this is actually in the book
they put it in the show but it's
actually in the book it is book canon oh
my god i love that
ludwigia closed his eyes and turned his
head away way washand very thoughtfully
consoled him it's fine rabbits are so
cute who doesn't like them i like them
too like to eat yeah
come on now hang on june you drank so
much last night uh well not much
actually but you were so drunk last
night you probably don't feel that great
this morning go wash your face drink
some water then sit for a bit longer it
will depart after you feel better the
direction it pointed to this time is
south partially to the west i'll go down
and buy breakfast so i'll leave you
alone
he was just leaving when lang wang ji
called out coldly wait
wait wait shan looked back what
len when she stared at him fixedly for a
good while before he had before he asked
at last
do you have any money
where shan smiled yes don't i know where
you put your money i'll bring you
breakfast too okay take your time hang
on june no rush
he exited the room closed the door and
stood in the hallway hugging his belly
laughing soundlessly for a good while
len mungee seemed to have been dealt a
heavy blow he locked himself in the room
for a very long time and while waiting
for him wei wushan leisurely descended
the stairs and went out of the inn
strolling around on the streets and
buying some random food items
he sat on the steps his eyes scrunched
up the depression crescents as he ate
enjoying the sun
where's the fan art of this
that is the cutest [__] image
after a while a group of 13 or 14 year
old children
ran past on the street
the child leading in the front ran fast
as the wind and his hand was yanking on
a long string at the end of the string
was a kite flying neither high nor low
bobbing up and down as it did the
children behind
had toy bows and arrows and they shouted
as they chased that kite shooting
miniature arrows at it wayne chan had
loved playing this game in the past
archery was a mandatory art studied by
every clan junior but they didn't
usually like shooting properly at normal
targets besides shooting nefarious
beings during night hunts they enjoyed
shooting kites like this
everyone got a kite whoever could fly at
the highest farthest and shoot the most
on mark was the winner
this game had been popular only among
the younger juniors of various
cultivation clans but when the trend got
out children from ordinary families had
liked it a lot too
of course their little arrows paled in
comparison to the power packed and those
wielded by privileged and proficient
clan juniors
back when we shane was at lotus peer and
played kite shooting with the zhang
juniors he'd won first place many times
jane chung on the other hand was always
second
oh
you were having a perfectly good time
this was we were having a perfectly good
time
and then out of [__] nowhere
just [__] slapped me with zhang chung
pain
either his kite flew too far and the
arrows couldn't reach or he'd shoot his
kite but it hadn't flown as far as huey
wushan's
the two of them had a kite a hole size
larger than everyone else's constructed
in the shape of a flying yao beast with
dazzling extravagant colors a mouth open
in a howl and several pointy tails
drooping down to roil with the winds
seen from afar the kite was
extraordinarily vibrant and vivacious
not savage so much as charming and
adorable the spine of this kite had been
personally constructed by zhang fengmin
before being passed off to zhengyon lee
to paint it for the two of them so every
time they took it out to compete they'd
always felt a sense of pride
having remembered this the corner of
wayward shan's lips curled lightly and
he unconsciously looked up to see what
the kites those children were flying
looked like
all he saw was a big round shape
completely gold
he wondered what is that thing a pancake
or some monster i don't know of
just then a gust of wind blew past the
kite wasn't flying very high in the
first place and not in an open spacious
area so it fell immediately when the
wind hit one of the children called out
gal the sun's fallen down
wei wushan instantly understood
this group of children was most likely
playing a game that mimicked the sunshot
campaign
this was you young back when the one
clan of chechen was at the peak of its
prominence they had lorded over everyone
and everywhere and yu young was
technically not too far from shishan
the locals must have suffered profoundly
at their hands either from rampaging yao
beasts they hadn't locked up properly or
by being abused and humiliated by the
domineering cultivators of their clan
after the sunshot campaign the one clan
was crushed by the combined might of the
other clans their century-old foundation
collapsing in an instant many places
near the chichan area all happily
engaged in pastimes that celebrated the
annihilation of the wind gland going as
far as transforming such pastimes into
cherished traditions
this game was probably one such
tradition
the children stopped the chase and
gathered around looking very troubled
they started discussing the situation at
hand what do we do the sun hasn't been
shot yet and it dropped on its own who
will be the big boss now someone raised
their hand it's going to be me of course
i'm jin gong yao the one family's big
villain was killed by me
wade rashan sat there on the steps in
front of the end watching with relish in
games like this one the now infinitely
glorious cultivation chief lan fung jun
was of course the most popular character
although his background was too
embarrassing to speak of that was
precisely why the higher he climbed the
more admirable he grew
during the sunshot campaign he spent
years as a spy and took to the role like
a fish released into water he had the
entire one clan of jashan fooled both
inside and out and they ran around in
circles unknowingly betraying their own
secrets
after the sunshot campaign he carried
favor by every means possible using his
quick and clever wit in thousands of
ways until finally he sat in the
position of cultivation chief the head
of the cultivation world
such a life was worthy of being called
legendary if wae wu shan was the one
playing he'd want to try being jin wan
yao once too
picking this kid to be the big boss made
a lot of sense
another child objected i'm naming zhu
i've won the most battles and i've taken
the biggest number of captives i should
be the big boss
jin yao
whoo said
but i'm cultivation chief
ningming zhu waved his fist so what
you're still my sandee
don't you still have to run away with
your tail between your legs at the side
of me
jin kuan
was indeed very cooperative very into
the act he hunched his shoulders and ran
off another one said you short-lived
devil
to have chosen a certain cultivation
leader naturally meant the child in
question probably looked up to and liked
said cultivator
niming zhu got mad
jinzee schwann
you died sooner than me you're even more
short-lived
jinji schwann refused to yield so what
if i'm short-lived i'm ranked third
that third place was only for looks
just then one of the kids seemed to tire
of running and standing he shuffled
through the steps sat down next to weibo
shan waved and said like a good old
peacekeeper okay okay stop fighting
i'm the yeling patriarch i'm the most
powerful i suppose i can maybe be the
big boss
way roshan was speechless
he looked down sure enough this kid had
a tiny thin wooden stick stuck at his
waist this was probably chinching
only a small child would be simple
enough not to fuss about good and bad
and only care about rating things by
strength and therefore condescends to be
the yielding patriarch for a bit
another one countered no i'm sen duching
show i'm the most powerful one
yieling patriarch said very
understandingly oh jang chang can you
match me in anything haven't you lost to
me every time where did you get the face
to say you're the most powerful are you
embarrassed
zhang chung retorted huh i can't match
you don't you remember how you died
that shallow smile on wei wushan's lips
instantly dispersed
it was like being jabbed by an extremely
poisonous little needle without a
warning a slight stabbing pain suddenly
flared all over his body
the yelling patriarch next to him
clapped
look at me chanching in my left hand the
tiger tally in my right plus a ghost
general i'm invincible
he raised a stick with his left hand in
a rock with his right then laughed
maniacally where's when ning come out
you know this scene in the [__] show
was painful enough now we're getting
like some super extended version
and i'm about to [__] cry
i just had to pause for a second
jesus
a small child raised his hand among the
crowd and said meekly
i'm here um i want to say since it's
during the sunshine campaign i haven't
died yet
way way shan felt he had to step in now
he spoke up
cultivation leaders may i ask a question
no adult had ever intervened when this
group of children played this game
before and it wasn't even to scold but
to pose a serious question
yelling patriarch looked at him and
wonder and caution what's your question
how come there is no one from the land
clan of gazoo where roshan asked there
is
where
yelling portrait
wow gilling patriarch
pointed at a child who had not spoken a
single word throughout
that one's him
way wushan looked sure enough that child
was very delicately handsome obviously
solidly on the path to becoming an
attractive young man on his smooth
forehead was fastened a white robe a
substitute for the forehead ribbon
weiwou shan asked who's he
yelling patriarch pursed his lips
disdainfully then said lan wang ji
all right
this group of children had truly
captured the essence one certainly
should keep their mouths shut and not
speak when playing lan wong ji
the corners of weirshen's lips curled up
anew all of a sudden that extremely
poisonous little needle was pulled out
and tossed to an unknown corner and the
stabbing pain was all swept away in an
instant why is that so
[__] sweet
way we shan't mumble to himself well
ain't that strange how can such a dull
person always make me so happy
oh
we've taken another step forward on the
obliviousness path
clear out of nowhere
wow
when lang wang ji finally came
downstairs
he saw wei wishan sitting on the steps
with a bunch of kids sitting next to him
and sharing meat buns weirshan ate his
bun as he directed two little kids
pressed back to back in front of him
right now the ones in front of you are
millions of wind cultivators every
single one of them fully decked out in
military gear and they have surrounded
you in an impenetrable circle
look sharp that's right just like that
good len monkey pay attention you're not
your usual self right now you're covered
in blood you're very heavy with killing
intent your eyes are fierce wait was
shane get closer to him do you know how
to spin your flute let's see it spin it
with one hand do it more nonchalantly do
you understand what that means come here
let me teach you
wei wushan owed and passed the thin
little stick over to him
we rushed and expertly twirled chin king
with chang with two fingers and the
group of kids crowded over in a flash
exclaiming aloud in awe
len wang ji commented
with an ellipsis
he approached silently when wei wushan
saw him come over he dusted out he
dusted off the dirt on his bum and bid
farewell to the children it took great
effort for him to stand and as they went
he laughed the entire way as if he'd
been poisoned with something strange
then when she commented
sorry hang wong jin i already shared the
breakfast i bought for you with them
let's buy more later hmm then monkey
said how was it weren't those two kids
cute the one with the rope tied around
his head guess who he's imitating
after a long moment of speechlessness
len wong she finally couldn't hold back
any longer he asked what else did i do
last night exactly one track mine lan
wang ji damn
you just walked out to like the cutest
scene possible
still obsessed about what he did or did
not do last night
ah
it couldn't be that simple otherwise why
would wayward fans still be laughing
even now
we rush and waved him off nothing
nothing nothing you didn't do anything
it was me who was being nonsensical
all right hang on jun i'm about to talk
about serious business now
speak len mungee said wei wushan began
in all seriousness the coffin banging at
the chang family cemetery had had been
still for ten years but it suddenly
started up again this is definitely not
a coincidence there must be a cause
what do you think the cause is lenwang
she asked good question i think the
cause is the torso being dug out where
we shan said hmm len mung ji said his
thoughtful expression reminded way
wushan of his serious face the previous
night when he had drunkenly held onto
way wushan's two fingers
he painfully held back his laughter
he said solemnly i was thinking the
dismemberment can't have been a simple
act of revenge regarding a personal
grudge but a malicious subduing spell
the one who dismembered the corpse
intentionally selected places with
unusual hauntings to settle the body
parts
fight poison with poison maintain
equilibrium through mutual checks and
balances lenguaji said
correct way wishing said so when that
gravedigger dug out the torso yesterday
there was nothing to subdue the
resentful spirits of the chang family
and the coffin banging started started
up again
the concept and method are the same as
the niece saber offering halls off
knee saber offerings halls subduing the
saber spirits and wall corpses
perhaps it was mimicking the knee
family's saber offerings hall from the
start it seems this individual is deeply
connected with both the ning clang of
chinga
and the land clan of gusu
they're probably not just somebody
just some nobody
there are not many such individuals lan
wang ji said way wishing agreed
things were slowly coming to light and
since the other party has started trying
to move the corpse bits that means he or
they are starting to panic they'll
definitely make a move soon so even if
we don't go find them they'll come
knocking with all the searching they'll
give themselves away sooner or later
besides our good buddy's arm will point
the way for us but we should probably
move faster too with only the right arm
and a head left we have to get to those
before they do
the two traveled southwestward this time
the location the left hand had pointed
to was sudan a place blanketed by thick
fog
and it was a ghost city that locals
avoided at all
cost
well that's one [__] place to end
volume one jesus [__]
oh
bastards
what [__]
i'm so mad i'm so mad
i'm furious
but that was volume one
we got through the rest of it today
holy [__]
and like right on the nose too it's
almost 5 30.
in terms of like hour long sessions we
just had a double session
well [__]
wow okay wait now i have to think about
because i wasn't i wasn't planning on
finishing it today i thought we were
going to finish it on tuesday so now
that we finish it today i have to think
of all the [__] that i'm supposed to say
right now now that we finished it um
uh volume two comes out in may
uh i still believe mid-may i haven't
actually checked the specific date again
yet so i'm still gambling on mid-may but
it comes out mid-may um
the next
uh live stream series that i'm doing is
not actually a book if it was a book it
would be the villain saving system
um but the next live stream series i'm
doing is actually a visual novel it's
called dramatical murder so there will
still be a lot of reading we'll just
have a lot of visuals and i believe a
fully voiced english cast to go with it
um if you haven't heard of dramatical
murder it is a great
extremely gay explicitly gay um visual
novel from a while back i think it first
came out in like 2012 or 2013 in japan
and it's gotten i believe fan
translations into english over all this
time but just
last year they finally released an
official english translation and one of
my
uh lovely uh subscribers i believe she's
a
patron she's also a patron i would know
her name if i had the chance to look her
up and i was prepared for this moment
but it's happening ahead of time so i
don't um she was generous enough to give
me she had an extra you know code for
the game through steam
so if you don't know what visual novels
are they kind of what they sound like
you have visuals but you also have a lot
of words so you're reading but you're
seeing things at the same time that's
visual novels in a nutshell
very very japanese um
i have been meaning to actually play
dramatical murder for a very long time
there was an anime version that came out
a few years back that decayed everything
so i was super disappointed as was
everybody else but at the same time i
really love the world and everything do
i remember anything no
not a single thing i don't even remember
the name of the guy that i wish that he
had hooked up with
but we're going to hook up with him when
i play through it i just don't know his
name um
so the next thing is dramatical murder
and then um after dramatical murder
is probably volume two
of moda sushi
probably um technically i should be
jumping right into dramatical murder
like next week now that it's
um done right but i need a couple of
weeks
of tuesdays and thursdays off
uh just as a matter of kind of a mini
vacation
we're still in the middle of moving
we're still in the middle of a whole
bunch of stuff getting all these
different things done
and air conditioning installed we're
getting a whole bunch of electrical work
done
we're having to bring a plumber in
to add some nude stuff so we have a
place to plug in the washer
all these things we're having to arrange
i have an incredibly long day tomorrow
that starts at like
seven in the morning
and doesn't end until the last worker
gives me their freaking assessment for
work
so i need the next couple of weeks to
have a couple of days
extra off
but then after that we will be going
right into dramatical murder which
shouldn't take too long i believe just
going on one route takes about 10 hours
and um
after that it's kind of playing by ear
until moda sushi
lands and that's the immediate future
um
i hope you enjoyed a double whammy you
know it really wasn't that bad i'm sure
my makeup is horrific but i'm getting
some new stuff soon
that should stay in place for longer
than 45 minutes
um
this really wasn't so bad two hours not
bad i could probably definitely do
dramatical murder
in two hour chunks because with english
voice acting that will be less reading
so on a regular basis that will be
easier on my throat
um
oh my god i just glanced at the chat and
somebody mentioned dream daddy
daddy was like so good though
like really
that was a fun time
that was just fun
somebody really they tried to give us
everything
that was so fun
the writing was actually pretty good too
in terms of prose
which is not something you find very
often in visual novel anyway it's been
two hours i have no idea when the wife
is supposed to get home because she's
out signing stuff for the probate lawyer
and all that kind of adult [__]
um
but it's been two hours
if
anji
you're very sweet
with the no no your face is always
aesthetically pleasing you're super
sweet in fact let's see how the
oh wow yeah yeah yeah yeah we got we got
eyeliner smudges all over the place and
also bottom eyeliner what's that we
don't know what that is we don't know
her we don't know we don't know what
eyeliner on a wetline is
we have no idea whoa okay
so
if i when i do
two hours at a time again it will be
when i have the new eyeliner
that i'm getting most definitely
um
so yeah if you let me know
either right now or in comments below
one what were you working on for this
extra long session
but also um how you liked two hours
because i think it could generally be
a bit uh long for some people
but
it would help in the sense that we would
get through things a whole lot faster
and i feel like that's a win
uh
was there anything else i needed to say
i know i know i know
i'm gonna end the stream and remember
like five things that i'm supposed to
say as i drop a bookmark
um
and the last
uh thing of this in the last session of
this
okay i covered your medical murder i
covered what's coming next i covered up
my little mini vacation before we
started dramatical murder
and then it's volume two of murder sushi
i think those were the big things
uh if there is something that i have
forgotten
i will make a community post
for it
but i don't think i have
maybe possibly
okay
well in that case
i'm going to go ahead and wrap up
because i'm starving
but the awful thing about you people is
that i could sit here and talk to you
for another two hours
because you're very chatty and
delightful
so i'm gonna have to be the adult in the
room
and
call call it close to this very long
stream
um so then i will see you on stream in
another couple of weeks when we start
dramatical murder
you should absolutely tune in for that
it's a great little sci-fi dystopia
world thing
with a lot of great gay stuff
and those will be live streams
if i mention that
um
please take care of yourself
as per usual at this point this should
be something that we are consistently
working on taking care of ourselves i
say this in a mirror
and um i will see you on stream in a
couple of weeks but guardian's not going
anywhere guardian's staying where it is
we're still we're still going with that
actually
um if i have the opportunity i might
tick up guardian
to three times a week when i can that
depends because i'm still moving but
anyway
please take care of yourselves i will
see you on the next stream for
dramatical murder thank you so much we
got through volume one that feels
fantastic
and it's so good by the way i don't
think i ever actually commented on the
thing that we're reading it's so good
the english translation
feels so smooth and it's so well done
this sets a bar
super high for english translations
specifically from chinese languages
um
but anyway go away now
i'm going to stop talking one of these
days and the stream is going to end
please take care of yourself i will see
you very soon